AxpertWeb:
----------
TSK-0450 -JF&I- Enhancement: Signin page Captcha feature changes: 
   1. Captcha settings have been introduced in the AxpertAdmin page, allowing administrators to configure the Captcha security feature for selected projects based on the applicable business agreement. Using this setting, the Captcha can be configured with the following options:
     a. Captcha Type: Alphanumeric, Numeric, or Alphabetic (Alpha)
     b. Character Length: Configurable from 4 to 8 characters
This provides greater flexibility in enforcing project-specific security requirements while meeting business and compliance needs. 
   2. Existing Web.config 'enableCaptcha' key has been withdrawn   
      web.config key: <add key="enableCaptcha" value="false" />

TSK-0451 -JF&I- 1. Issue with Single Quotes (') in Dynamic Search: When there is a single quote/apostrophe (') in the item name and a user attempts to search for it using the dynamic search, they encounter an "Oops!" error screen.
2. Issue with Ampersands (&) in the "In" Function: At the same time, we are facing an issue where the "In" function does not work properly when the value contains an ampersand (&).

TKT-0573 -trustline- WCAG Compliance Points

TKT-0356 -BDF- In the Area Chart,  One of the chart series is displayed in the legend and its data values are available; however, the corresponding series color is not rendered on the chart. Other series are displayed correctly.

TKT-0355 -BDF- For certain chart cards, when the X-Axis Title and Y-Axis Title are configured inChart Properties, the axis titles are not displayed on the chart in runtime  both homepage and dashboard

TKT-0358 -BDF- Legend color bullets are missing in Scatter Plot 3D chart in homepage  and dashboard

TASK-3223 -BDF- The button order becomes collapsed or misaligned during runtime
Note to QA: Please test TStructs where the "TStruct Button Style" developer option is set to "Old". Verify Desktop-created TStructs, Studio-created TStructs, and TStructs converted from Desktop to Studio.

TSK-0456 -QA- Open a Parameter IView normally (either from the menu or using the AXI command line). Then, open the same Parameter IView in an AXI command line popup. When you try to access the IView that was opened normally, an error is displayed.
 Note to QA:1. Test all IView scenarios with and without parameters.
            2. Test IViews opened in the AXI command line popup, including the following actions: 
               a. New, b. Hyperlink navigation, c. Load Next Page, d. Record navigation, e. Refresh


Axpert Studio:
-------------
TKT-0564 -BDF- In iView under Parameter, the PreText is not displayed for the Expression and Validate Expression fields 

TKT-0563 -BDF- While creating a button in iView or TStruct under DevStudio, the system currently allows both Script and Action to be configured simultaneously. A button should support only one configuration type—either Script or Action

TASK-3223 -BDF- The button order becomes collapsed or misaligned during runtime. 

TKT-0632 -BDF- When a user makes any changes in DevStudio for an existing form (converted from Desktop and containing data) and attempts to save the structure, the following error is displayed:"Column contains existing data. To change the datatype or decrease the column width or decimal precision, the column must be empty.

TASK-2775 -MPCO- Structure Lock Retained After Undo Action Without Modification. 

TKT-0630 -QA- For an existing form, when the Purpose contains multiline text, opening the form in 11.4 Studio displays the content as a single line instead of preserving the original line breaks.	


Consumer services:
-----------------
TSK-0457 -QA- Enhancement: Implement transaction status tracking in CachedSaveWorkerService by updating a Redis status key with total and processed transaction counts. This allows real-time progress monitoring while CachedSave is in progress. Refer to the CachedSave release notes for implementation details.

Microservices:
--------------
TSK-0458 -PayAzure- AxScript API: Tstruct scripts not processing as expected  

